# Item

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**skuCode** | **string** | Stock Keeping Unit number of the item. | [optional] 
**packageOccurrence** | **int** | Used to assign this item to a specific package. &lt;br /&gt;The Package Occurrence provided here must exist on one of the packages in the Package element.        &lt;br /&gt;Note: For dutiable multi-package shipments that are not using a consignment service, items must be assigned to a package so that accurate customs information is given. &lt;br /&gt;Therefore, if the shipment contains more than one package, and it isn&#x27;t using a consignment service, then Package Occurrence is required. | [optional] 
**quantity** | **int** | The quantity of these items in the package. | 
**description** | **string** | Description of the item. This must describe the specific item being shipped rather than the general nature of the goods e.g. &#x27;skirt&#x27; instead of &#x27;ladies clothing&#x27;.  &lt;br /&gt; &lt;br /&gt;Required for dutiable shipments, unless the SKU Code of a stored product is provided. When the SKU Code of a stored product is provided, and this field is not provided, it will be populated from the stored product. If the SKU code of a stored product is provided, and this field is provided in the Create Shipment request, then the data provided in this field will be used instead of the data from the stored product. | [optional] 
**value** | **double** | The value of a single instance of the item, in the currency provided for the shipment in the CurrencyCode field. &lt;br /&gt; &lt;br /&gt;Required for dutiable shipments, unless the SKU Code of a stored product is provided. When the SKU Code of a stored product is provided, and this field is not provided, it will be populated from the stored product. If the SKU code of a stored product is provided, and this field is provided in the Create Shipment request, then the data provided in this field will be used instead of the data from the stored product. | [optional] 
**weight** | **double** | The weight of a single instance of the item, in the unit of measure provided in the WeightUnitOfMeasure element (defaults to KG). &lt;br /&gt;For non-dutiable shipments, a weight of 0 is accepted. For dutiable shipments, an item weight of 1 gram or greater must be provided.  &lt;br /&gt;The maximum weight accepted is 1000 KG. &lt;br /&gt; &lt;br /&gt;Required for dutiable shipments, unless the SKU Code of a stored product is provided. When the SKU Code of a stored product is provided, and this field is not provided, it will be populated from the stored product. If the SKU code of a stored product is provided, and this field is provided in the Create Shipment request, then the data provided in this field will be used instead of the data from the stored product. | [optional] 
**hSCode** | **string** | The Harmonized Commodity Description and Coding System Code. &lt;br /&gt;Used by Customs to calculate potential duties and taxes. &lt;br /&gt;May be required for dutiable shipments, depending on the carrier and destination country. &lt;br /&gt;The number of characters required for the HS Code may vary depending on the service and destination country. &lt;br /&gt;Dots and spaces in the HS Code are accepted. &lt;br /&gt;For more information on HS Codes and to find the correct HS Codes for your items, see https://www.gov.uk/trade-tariff | [optional] 
**countryOfOrigin** | **string** | Country the item was produced/manufactured in.  &lt;br /&gt;2 Digit ISO Country Code, per ISO 3166 Standard. &lt;br /&gt;May be required on dutiable shipments, depending on the carrier and destination country. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

